I tell people my sister moved out west
your science teacher your husband he
renovate houses you're thinking about
moving but you're gonna waits until the
interest rates go down that's not my
story before I was an Avenger
I mean mistakes
[Applause]
[Music]
a lot of enemies
it's called science taskmaster he
controls the Red Room there manipulated
fully conscious but no choices
I should have come back for you how do
the others are their nose
[Music]
we have to go back to where it all
started so they never do that to anyone
again
we're family we fight with you
you won't win I was for the best
but look into the past
okay you go to plan well shall I just
say Duggan cuz my plan was to drive us
away where your plan sucks
[Music]
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
who you are
and me my choice
I need a morning
[Music]
here's what's gonna happen Natasha don't
slouch
I'm not slouching you're going to get
the back hunched listen to mother oh my
god all right enough all of you
it didn't say anything that's not fair
[Music]